2.0.0 release changes (#9)
klaviyo/klaviyo-api-node: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [2.0.0] - revision: 2023-01-24

- Added the following endpoints (which were previously in our Beta API/SDKs):
  - Data Privacy
  - All Tags endpoints, as well as the following related resource-specific endpoints:
    - Get Flow Tags
    - Get List Tags
    - Get Segment Tags

> - Reworked the response object from api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reworked the response object returned by SDK methods
```

  - instead of only returning the response payload, the status code and headers are now also returned

>   - original payload items are now being `body`. to get the `id` by calling `response.body.data.id` instead `response.data.id` from previous releases

Reviewer: Maybe something like the following to be super clear on how to get this?
```suggestion
  - The API response payload is now nested under `body` within the API response returned by SDK methods. You can get the `id` of the returned resource by calling `response.body.data.id` instead of `response.data.id` from previous releases. You can get response headers and status with `response.headers` and `response.status` respectively.
```
